OK.
So next up we're talking about something called formatting strings.
So this ties into concatenation where we have data and some strings and we want to put them together
either to display a message or create a new variable do something with that combination.
So there's a couple other options rather than just concatenating single strings or individual strings.
What if we're working with numbers like we saw I wanted to be able to say your guess of and then add
in a number an integer and then add another string at the end to say was incorrect and that caused a
problem.
So there are a couple of solutions to what we're trying to do which is called interpellation.
So the new way the way that we're going to use this course is using what's called strings.
So here's an example where we have a variable x equals 10 and we were able to create the string.
I've told you 10 times already by taking that X equal to 10 and interpolating it inside of these curly
braces.
So the syntax is kind of weird but it starts off with an F.
That's not a typo that F and then quotes and then inside of those quotes wherever we have curly braces
kind of breaks out of the quotes that escapes them and allows us to put variable names inside.
So really briefly let's make a variable called Let's just go back to guess guess equals eight.
Now I can do a print your guess and I'm missing the F which is important your guess of then all we have
to do inside these brackets is say guess your guess of guess was in correct.
Just like that your guess of 8 was incorrect.
We could also do things like do math
below.
So we're also able to do things like do some math in there if we wanted to.
So I guess plus one if we wanted and I got rid of the space over here.
But you can see it turn it into nine so we can do math in there it's basically a way of saying OK we're
not unstring anymore we've escaped the string so we can do things that we could do outside of strings.
So this is nice.
You could do it with two things as well so maybe we have name equal to Blue Cat.
Now I could do a print F and then in quotes.
Say nice try comma name but your guess of guess is wrong.
Just like that.
Now you can see it get.
Nice try but your guess of 8 is wrong.
All right.
So that's f strings.
Very nice.
We'll use them all the time.
Basically what it does is it takes whatever's inside of here at the end of the day and turned it into
a string so it converts the integer 10 to the string version of 10 and put it inside.
OK.
So on the side it does say this is the new way meaning there are a couple of older ways you might see
this.
The format method so it looks like this where basically rather than being able to use these curly brackets
in directly adding the variable into the string will do it afterwards.
So I've told you then we add empty curly brackets.
Then at the end a string dot format and then in parentheses we give it what we want to be inserted.
So I think this is really clunky.
I mean it is clunky which is why this was added to Python.
You can see it's a lot nicer.
And there's also one older way that has now been deprecated but it looks like this.
They all follow similar principles but clearly this is the simplest cleanest solution.
So this is what we use.